#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
a2wsgi==1.10.7
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickclick
    #   flask
    #   uvicorn
clickclick==20.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
connexion==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-cors
flask-cors==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
    #   flask
    #   swagger-ui-bundle
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openapi-spec-validator
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pathable==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema-path
python-dateutil==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickclick
    #   connexion
    #   jsonschema-path
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
    #   jsonschema-path
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
swagger-ui-bundle==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   connexion
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   connexion
    #   flask

setuptools~=68.2.0
SQLAlchemy~=2.0.36